README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
System designer building AI-powered automation, interactive platforms, and scalable systems .<br>


# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Scala](https://img.shields.io/badge/scala-%23DC322F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scala&logoColor=white) ![PowerShell](https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerShell-%235391FE.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=powershell&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![ReScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/rescript-%2314162c?style=for-the-badge&logo=rescript&logoColor=e34c4c) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white) ![Objective-C](https://img.shields.io/badge/OBJECTIVE--C-%233A95E3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apple&logoColor=white) ![Windows Terminal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows%20Terminal-%234D4D4D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows-terminal&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GraphQL-E10098?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![OpenStack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Openstack-%23f01742.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openstack&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white) ![.Net](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=.net&logoColor=white) ![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![Electron.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Electron-191970?style=for-the-badge&logo=Electron&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/nestjs-%23E0234E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white) ![WordPress](https://img.shields.io/badge/WordPress-%23117AC9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=WordPress&logoColor=white) ![Windicss](https://img.shields.io/badge/windicss-48B0F1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=windi-css&logoColor=white) ![Webpack](https://img.shields.io/badge/webpack-%238DD6F9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=webpack&logoColor=black) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![Gunicorn](https://img.shields.io/badge/gunicorn-%298729.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gunicorn&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MicrosoftSQLServer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20SQL%20Server-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft%20sql%20server&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34) ![PocketBase](https://img.shields.io/badge/pocketbase-%23b8dbe4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Pocketbase&logoColor=black) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=for-the-badge&logo=supabase&logoColor=white) ![Prisma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-3982CE?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prisma&logoColor=white) ![Adobe](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe&logoColor=white) ![Invision](https://img.shields.io/badge/invision-FF3366?style=for-the-badge&logo=invision&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Framer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=framer&logoColor=blue) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Adobe InDesign](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20InDesign-49021F?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobeindesign&logoColor=FF3366) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![ChipperCI](https://img.shields.io/badge/chipperci-1e394e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=chipperci&logoColor=white) ![Perforce Helix](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PERFORCE%20HELIX-404040?style=for-the-badge&logo=Perforce&logoColor=white) ![Forgejo](https://img.shields.io/badge/forgejo-%23FB923C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=forgejo&logoColor=white) ![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-%23181717.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white) ![mlflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/mlflow-%23d9ead3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=blue) ![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-%233F4F75.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=plotly&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-%23D00000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Keras&logoColor=white) ![Xbox](https://img.shields.io/badge/xbox-%23107C10.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=xbox&logoColor=white) ![PlayStation Network](https://img.shields.io/badge/PSN-%230070D1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Playstation&logoColor=white) ![Riot Games](https://img.shields.io/badge/riotgames-D32936.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=riotgames&logoColor=white) ![Ubisoft](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubisoft-%23F5F5F5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Ubisoft&logoColor=black) ![nVIDIA](https://img.shields.io/badge/nVIDIA-%2376B900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nVIDIA&logoColor=white) ![Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unity&logoColor=white) ![Airbnb](https://img.shields.io/badge/Airbnb-%23ff5a5f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Airbnb&logoColor=white) ![AquaSec](https://img.shields.io/badge/aqua-%231904DA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=aqua&logoColor=#0018A8) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Mosquitto](https://img.shields.io/badge/mosquitto-%233C5280.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=eclipsemosquitto&logoColor=white) ![Twilio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twilio-F22F46?style=for-the-badge&logo=Twilio&logoColor=white) ![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white) ![OpenAPI Specification](https://img.shields.io/badge/openapiinitiative-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openapiinitiative&logoColor=white) ![OpenSea](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenSea-%232081E2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=opensea&logoColor=white) ![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%23Clojure?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=white) ![Ubiquiti](https://img.shields.io/badge/ubiquiti-%230559C9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ubiquiti&logoColor=white) ![Uber](https://img.shields.io/badge/Uber-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Uber&logoColor=white) ![Unreal Engine](https://img.shields.io/badge/unrealengine-%23313131.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unrealengine&logoColor=white) ![Steam](https://img.shields.io/badge/steam-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=steam&logoColor=white) ![Rancher](https://img.shields.io/badge/rancher-%230075A8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rancher&logoColor=white) ![Cisco](https://img.shields.io/badge/cisco-%23049fd9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=cisco&logoColor=black) ![Home Assistant](https://img.shields.io/badge/home%20assistant-%2341BDF5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=home-assistant&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=grimr3896&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=grimr3896&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=grimr3896&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=grimr3896&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Enhance 'About Me' section in README
Expanded the 'About Me' section to provide more details about my work and expertise.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
System designer building AI-powered automation, interactive platforms, and scalable systems I build ambitious digital systems that just work. I’m Tony — I create SaaS platforms, automation workflows, marketplaces, AI agents, and scalable backend systems. I take full ownership of my projects, working hands-on with precision, clarity, and discipline.

I specialize in designing robust platforms, automating business processes, developing scalable backend and database systems, and producing thorough technical documentation. I also ensure operational reliability and continuity, integrating the right tools and methods into workflows that deliver measurable results.

Explore my GitHub to see my best work — systems I build, document, and stand behind .<br>


# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Scala](https://img.shields.io/badge/scala-%23DC322F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scala&logoColor=white) ![PowerShell](https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerShell-%235391FE.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=powershell&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![ReScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/rescript-%2314162c?style=for-the-badge&logo=rescript&logoColor=e34c4c) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white) ![Objective-C](https://img.shields.io/badge/OBJECTIVE--C-%233A95E3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apple&logoColor=white) ![Windows Terminal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows%20Terminal-%234D4D4D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows-terminal&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GraphQL-E10098?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![OpenStack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Openstack-%23f01742.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openstack&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white) ![.Net](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=.net&logoColor=white) ![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![Electron.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Electron-191970?style=for-the-badge&logo=Electron&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/nestjs-%23E0234E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white) ![WordPress](https://img.shields.io/badge/WordPress-%23117AC9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=WordPress&logoColor=white) ![Windicss](https://img.shields.io/badge/windicss-48B0F1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=windi-css&logoColor=white) ![Webpack](https://img.shields.io/badge/webpack-%238DD6F9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=webpack&logoColor=black) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![Gunicorn](https://img.shields.io/badge/gunicorn-%298729.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gunicorn&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MicrosoftSQLServer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20SQL%20Server-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft%20sql%20server&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34) ![PocketBase](https://img.shields.io/badge/pocketbase-%23b8dbe4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Pocketbase&logoColor=black) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=for-the-badge&logo=supabase&logoColor=white) ![Prisma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-3982CE?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prisma&logoColor=white) ![Adobe](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe&logoColor=white) ![Invision](https://img.shields.io/badge/invision-FF3366?style=for-the-badge&logo=invision&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Framer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=framer&logoColor=blue) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Adobe InDesign](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20InDesign-49021F?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobeindesign&logoColor=FF3366) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![ChipperCI](https://img.shields.io/badge/chipperci-1e394e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=chipperci&logoColor=white) ![Perforce Helix](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PERFORCE%20HELIX-404040?style=for-the-badge&logo=Perforce&logoColor=white) ![Forgejo](https://img.shields.io/badge/forgejo-%23FB923C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=forgejo&logoColor=white) ![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-%23181717.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white) ![mlflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/mlflow-%23d9ead3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=blue) ![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-%233F4F75.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=plotly&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-%23D00000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Keras&logoColor=white) ![Xbox](https://img.shields.io/badge/xbox-%23107C10.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=xbox&logoColor=white) ![PlayStation Network](https://img.shields.io/badge/PSN-%230070D1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Playstation&logoColor=white) ![Riot Games](https://img.shields.io/badge/riotgames-D32936.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=riotgames&logoColor=white) ![Ubisoft](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubisoft-%23F5F5F5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Ubisoft&logoColor=black) ![nVIDIA](https://img.shields.io/badge/nVIDIA-%2376B900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nVIDIA&logoColor=white) ![Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unity&logoColor=white) ![Airbnb](https://img.shields.io/badge/Airbnb-%23ff5a5f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Airbnb&logoColor=white) ![AquaSec](https://img.shields.io/badge/aqua-%231904DA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=aqua&logoColor=#0018A8) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Mosquitto](https://img.shields.io/badge/mosquitto-%233C5280.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=eclipsemosquitto&logoColor=white) ![Twilio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twilio-F22F46?style=for-the-badge&logo=Twilio&logoColor=white) ![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white) ![OpenAPI Specification](https://img.shields.io/badge/openapiinitiative-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openapiinitiative&logoColor=white) ![OpenSea](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenSea-%232081E2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=opensea&logoColor=white) ![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%23Clojure?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=white) ![Ubiquiti](https://img.shields.io/badge/ubiquiti-%230559C9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ubiquiti&logoColor=white) ![Uber](https://img.shields.io/badge/Uber-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Uber&logoColor=white) ![Unreal Engine](https://img.shields.io/badge/unrealengine-%23313131.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unrealengine&logoColor=white) ![Steam](https://img.shields.io/badge/steam-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=steam&logoColor=white) ![Rancher](https://img.shields.io/badge/rancher-%230075A8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rancher&logoColor=white) ![Cisco](https://img.shields.io/badge/cisco-%23049fd9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=cisco&logoColor=black) ![Home Assistant](https://img.shields.io/badge/home%20assistant-%2341BDF5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=home-assistant&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=grimr3896&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=grimr3896&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=grimr3896&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=grimr3896&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
